Update readme (#35)
concord-consortium/soundwaves: README.md

   To ensure that you are open a TypeScript file in VSC and then click on the version number next to
   `TypeScript React` in the status bar and select 'Use Workspace Version' in the popup menu.

## Deployment to Concord Consortium AWS S3 bucket (https://soundwaves.concord.org)

Production releases to S3 are based on the contents of the /dist folder and are built automatically by GitHub Actions
for each branch pushed to GitHub and each merge into production.

Merges into production are deployed to https://soundwaves.concord.org.

> Other branches are deployed to `https://soundwaves.concord.org/branch/<name>/index.html`, for example: https://soundwaves.concord.org/branch/master/index.html.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other branches are deployed to `https://soundwaves.concord.org/branch/<name>/`, for example: https://soundwaves.concord.org/branch/master/ (note the trailing slash).
```

Author: I didn't know someone made that work, nice. 👍 
Interesting, when I try `https://soundwaves.concord.org/branch/master`, it redirects to `https://soundwaves.concord.org/soundwaves/branch/master/` (which is ofc 404).

Reviewer: > I didn't know someone made that work, nice. 👍 Interesting, when I try `https://soundwaves.concord.org/branch/master`, it redirects to `https://soundwaves.concord.org/soundwaves/branch/master/` (which is ofc 404).

That trailing slash requirement has been an annoyance for quite some time now but no one's ever gotten around to doing anything about it. 😉

## Deployment to custom location

Build the project using `npm build` script to update files in the `dist` folder.
It should include all the assets and the entry-point `index.html` file.
It's a static web page that can be hosted by pretty much any web server
and/or hosting provider.

## Updating sound files

All the sound files are stored at `src/assets/sounds`. If sound file is updated, but its name
isn't changed, it's enough to rebuild the project.

If new sounds are added or file names are updated, two TypeScript files
might need to be adjusted:
  - `src/components/app.tsx`
  - `src/components/sound-picker/sound-picker.tsx`

## Web Audio API

This app uses native Web Audio API. It takes care of the sound playback,
recording, downsampling for graphing needs, and even AM and FM modulation.

MDN provides a great documentation and tutorials:
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Audio_API

Most of the custom audio-related helper are implemented in `src/utils/audio.ts`.

AM and FM modulation is implemented using `OfflineAudioContext`, `OscillatorNode`, and `GainNode`.

> ## Know issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Known issues
```
